# Commands
stomp_command_abort         :ABORT
stomp_command_ack           :ACK
stomp_command_begin         :BEGIN
stomp_command_commit        :COMMIT
stomp_command_connect       :CONNECT
stomp_command_connected     :CONNECTED
stomp_command_disconnect    :DISCONNECT
stomp_command_error         :ERROR
stomp_command_message       :MESSAGE
stomp_command_nack          :NACK
stomp_command_receipt       :RECEIPT
stomp_command_send          :SEND
stomp_command_stomp         :STOMP
stomp_command_subscribe     :SUBSCRIBE
stomp_command_unsubscribe   :UNSUBSCRIBE

# Headers
stomp_header_accept_version         :accept-version
stomp_header_ack                    :ack
stomp_header_amq_msg_type           :amq-msg-type
stomp_header_auto                   :auto
stomp_header_client                 :client
stomp_header_client_id              :client-id
stomp_header_content_length         :content-length
stomp_header_content_type           :content-type
stomp_header_correlation_id         :correlation-id
stomp_header_destination            :destination
stomp_header_expires                :expires
stomp_header_host                   :host
stomp_header_id                     :id
stomp_header_client_individual      :client-individual
stomp_header_login                  :login
stomp_header_message_id             :message-id
stomp_header_message                :message
stomp_header_original_destination   :original-destination
stomp_header_passcode               :passcode
stomp_header_persistent             :persistent
stomp_header_priority               :priority
stomp_header_receipt_id             :receipt-id
stomp_header_receipt                :receipt
stomp_header_redelivered            :redelivered
stomp_header_reply_to               :reply-to
stomp_header_request_id             :request-id
stomp_header_response_id            :response-id
stomp_header_selector               :selector
stomp_header_session                :session
stomp_header_subscription           :subscription
stomp_header_timestamp              :timestamp
stomp_header_transaction            :transaction
stomp_header_transformation_error   :transformation-error
stomp_header_transformation         :transformation
stomp_header_type                   :type
stomp_header_jmsxuserid             :JMSXUserID
